Update: Meta description for community-expectations.md (#6590)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/contributing/community-expectations.md

---
title: Community expectations

> purpoae: Explore Kong's contribution community expectations - learn how to engage, collaborate, and contribute to Kong's open source projects efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Explore Kong's contribution community expectations - learn how to engage, collaborate, and contribute to Kong's open source docs project efficiently.
```
This page is specifically about the docs project. We can't really speak for other open-source projects at Kong.
